# A Thousand Words
---
Currently there are a plethora of dating services all vying for consumers’ attention. Some are web-based, some are mobile apps, but the common goal is to create a connection between two people so that they can form a meaningful relationship. Our team proposes a different approach from traditional dating services in that the emphasis is on complementary and compatible personalities, the ability to hold and maintain conversation and connection, and geographical proximity.  
 
A Thousand Words is a web-based dating service that would allow users to decide on their potential matches based on common likes and dislikes, personality traits, and conversation. Users would be able to login and create a customized profile with personal description, interests, and pictures. To encourage users to get to know each other, users would not see pictures of each other until they have been talking for a few days. Key features of the application would be the ability to create a customized profile page, specifying interests and personality traits; a chat feature between matched users, allowing them to develop a connection; algorithms to match users who share the most common answers to profile questions, as well as factoring the location of both users into the ranking process, possibly by a Google Maps API call, as well as suggesting potential date locations. A database of users, their profile information, their potential/accepted matches, and chat logs would have to be stored. 
 
This project is targeted for single people who are looking for a genuine connection and a meaningful relationship. It’s possible that even if you don’t end up on a date, you may end up with some new friends. Many of the current dating solutions inherently cultivate an air of superficiality and our project aims to delve deeper than surface appearance. 
 
GitHub link: https://github.com/zyrei/cmpt276 
